everyone in this tutorial I'm gonna show
you how to create a Macario from Pokemon
I decided to recreate some of the new
amiibo character releases this is done
with the only face paint so my nose
isn't going to be perfect like Lucario's
but I'm a human not a dog Boxwell thing
so I hope you guys enjoyed the tutorial
now let's begin I'm starting off the
look by using a white eyeliner pencil to
trace out the mask and eyes it's easier
to trace them out and then paint them on
than it is to just paint them on this
helps give you an idea of where
everything is going to be placed instead
of just painting the eyes and mask right
away and then realizing you messed up
and having to take off all that face
paint after I've done that I mixed a
little bit of my runs light blue face
paint with my Ron's Lagoon blue face
paint and I used that to paint the skin
around the mask I've been loving major
looks foundation brush to paint large
areas of skin it doesn't leave a lot of
streaks and that's a problem I find lots
of times when I'm painting large areas
of skin I just end up getting my makeup
too streaked a lot if I'm not using a
good brush so I'm not being paid to say
that or anything like I just really
honestly liked it and I thought I would
share that so after that I go ahead and
use graftobian 'z Raven black face paint
to paint the mask nose and mouth Lucario
resembles a fox even though he isn't one
so you gotta try to make the paint in
the area that the mask and nose meet a
straight diagonal line this is gonna
help it not look too much like a cat
even though it's kind of hard to do
without the aid of prosthetics and
because Lucario is blue and not like the
colors of a fox and you also want to
make sure your lip is placed where your
mouth opens this is gonna help take away
attention from your real lips I also
created a very light first strokes
starting near the mask and bringing it
down towards the lips kind of like in a
curved v-shape you don't want it to be
like a straight kind of v-shape
otherwise again it's gonna end up
looking like a cat you just kind of want
to do it in the face shape of a real fox
to make your face appear a little bit
smaller paint around your jaw line and
then paint your ears black to hide your
ears and then you're gonna use a white
face paint to paint the whites of the
eyes and then you're gonna go back with
the black face paint to start painting
on the actual eyeballs to outline it and
then paint a little black spot that's
going down the middle of each eye
you're going to paint the iris red and
you want to use a light and dark red to
do this so you're gonna paint certain
areas on the iris using the light red
and other areas using the dark red and
then you're gonna use the black face
paint to draw some lines going through
the eye and then you're gonna use the
white face paints paint little circles
pratically and this looks a little bit
more anime it just makes the eyes look
cooler when you do it this way rather
than just painting the iris like a flat
out red color
use the white face paint to highlight
the nose so it makes it stand out a
little bit more so you could see it so
it just doesn't look like a mask and
then I'm using my blue face paints to
paint my hair now you can use like spray
temporary hair spray but I didn't have
any and also I find that the face paint
actually works better in my ear I don't
know if this is necessarily dangerous
for your hair but I've never seen
anybody really actually do this I just
do it I don't do it all the time so my
hair is still you know it's manageable
like after I do this
I should mention I made my ears out of
construction paper and I glued them onto
a headband and I painted them using my
face paints after I got the ears on and
I painted them a little bit I went ahead
and used a black eye shadow to shade
around the eyes just a little bit so
this adds more dimension to the eyes and
then I used the black eye shadow to
shade around the mask it makes certain
areas darker especially around the edges
of the mask
you want to use eye shadows to create
fur and you want to use eye shadows
because it's easier to do an easier to
blend them out and you're gonna use
three different blue eye shadows all the
eyeshadows I'm using are from my BH
Cosmetics eyeshadow palette I go ahead
and start shading some fur or put lining
the eyeshadow to create some fur right
on the cheekbones and I use a medium
blue to do that and then I use a lighter
blue to highlight around the fur so that
it really pops out into highlight right
where my like the nose meets the mouth
because this makes it look a little bit
more like a fox nose and then I use a
darker blue eyeshadow to shade around
the fur and just really help it like pop
out so you can see it a little bit more
and you want to create for where the
cheekbones are in like near the forehead
moving on to the body I know not
everybody's gonna do this so I'll try to
keep it sweet and simple what you're
gonna do to create like Lucario's outfit
you're gonna mix yellow and white
facepaint together and you want to like
kind of apply it streaky so add some
like texture to the shirt and you're
gonna do that before you apply the black
face paint cuz it's easier to do it this
way so go ahead and paint on the outfit
and then go back with the black face
paint to outline the outfit and then to
paint the sleeves of Lucario's shirt and
also around the neck so that you know
your regular skin isn't like peeking
through you want to go ahead and paint a
spike going through the outfit and you
want to use the black face paint to
shade a little bit behind the spike so
that it really looks like it's popping
out and then you go ahead and paint your
arm color the color you painted your
skin and then the spike you want to
paint white and then you want to use the
black eye shadow to shade around the
spike and behind the spike especially
behind the spike because this is gonna
make it like look a little bit more 3d
and you want to create a little shadow
below the spike as well and that's
really all I did for that and then I go
ahead and not painted my hand in my arm
just for pictures I know a lot of people
aren't gonna do that so I just did that
and I'm not gonna really explain it cuz
it was basically the same thing that you
do on the body so I hope you guys enjoy
the tutorial please don't forget to give
it a thumbs up if you liked it and
subscribed to my youtube channel for
more videos and if you want
see any more meat amiibos recreated go
ahead and leave your requests down below
so I'll see you in my next tutorial take
care bye